README.md, before:

# devices
Servo-specific APIs to access various devices

----------

## Bluetooth
Bluetooth related code is located in `bluetooth.rs`.

### Implementation
Underlying dependency crates:

- Android platform: [blurdroid](https://crates.io/crates/blurdroid)
- Linux platform: [blurz](https://crates.io/crates/blurz)
- `Fake` prefixed structures: [blurmock](https://crates.io/crates/blurmock)

`Empty` prefixed structures are located in `empty.rs`.

### Usage

#### Without the *bluetooth-test* feature
There are two supported platforms (Android, Linux), on other platforms we fall back to a default (`Empty` prefixed) implementation. Each enum (`BluetoothAdapter`, `BluetoothDevice`, etc.) will contain only one variant for each targeted platform. See the following `BluetoothAdapter` example:

Android:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Android(Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>),
    }
```
Linux:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Bluez(Arc<BluetoothAdapterBluez>),
    }
```

unsupported platforms:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Empty(Arc<BluetoothAdapterEmpty>),
    }
```
You will have a platform specific adapter, e.g. on android target, `BluetoothAdapter::init()` will create a `BluetoothAdapter::Android` enum variant, which wraps an `Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>`.

```rust
    pub fn init() -> Result<BluetoothAdapter, Box<Error>> {
        let blurdroid_adapter = try!(BluetoothAdapterAndroid::get_adapter());
        Ok(BluetoothAdapter::Android(Arc::new(blurdroid_adapter)))
    }
```
On each platform you can call the same functions to reach the same GATT hierarchy elements. The following code can acces the same bluetooth device on both Android, and Linux platforms:

```rust
use device::{BluetoothAdapter, BluetoothDevice};

fn main() {
    // Get the bluetooth adapter.
    let adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init().expect("No bluetooth adapter found!");
    // Get a device with the id 01:2A:00:4D:00:04 if it exists.
    let device = adapter.get_device("01:2A:00:4D:00:04".to_owned() /*device address*/)
                        .expect("No bluetooth device found!");
}
```

#### With the *bluetooth-test* feature
The `bluetooth-test` feature is not a default feature, to use it, append `features = ["bluetooth-test"]`, to the `device` crate dependency in the project's `Cargo.toml`. 

Each enum (`BluetoothAdapter`, `BluetoothDevice`, etc.) will contain one variant of the three possible default target, and a `Mock` variant, which wraps a `Fake` structure.

Android:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Android(Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```
Linux:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Bluez(Arc<BluetoothAdapterBluez>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```

unsupported platforms:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Empty(Arc<BluetoothAdapterEmpty>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```

Beside the platform specific structures, you can create and access mock adapters, devices, services etc. These mock structures implements all the platform specific functions too. To create a mock GATT hierarchy, first you need to call the `BluetoothAdapter::init_mock()` function, insted of `BluetoothAdapter::init()`.

```rust
    use device::{BluetoothAdapter, BluetoothDevice};
    use std::String;

    // This function takes a BluetoothAdapter,
    // and print the ids of the devices, which the adapter can find.
    fn print_device_ids(adapter: &BluetoothAdpater) {
        let devices = match adapter.get_devices().expect("No devices on the adapter!");
        for device in devices {
            println!("{:?}", device.get_id());
        }
    }

    fn main() {
    // This code uses a real adapter.
        // Get the bluetooth adapter.
        let adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init().expect("No bluetooth adapter found!");
        // Get a device with the id 01:2A:00:4D:00:04 if it exists.
        let device = adapter.get_device("01:2A:00:4D:00:04".to_owned() /*device address*/)
                            .expect("No bluetooth device found!");

    // This code uses a mock adapter.
        // Creating a mock adapter.
        let mock_adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init_mock().unwrap();
        // Creating a mock device.
        let mock_device =
            BluetoothDevice::create_mock_device(mock_adapter,
                                                "device_id_string_goes_here".to_owned())
            .unwrap();
        // Changing its device_id.
        let new_device_id = String::from("new_device_id_string".to_owned());
        mock_device.set_id(new_device_id.clone());
        // Calling the get_id function must return the last id we set.
        assert_equals!(new_device_id, mock_device.get_id());
        // Getting the mock_device with its id
        // must return the same mock device object we created before.
        assert_equals!(Some(mock_device),
                       mock_adapter.get_device(new_device_id.clone()).unwrap());
        // The print_device_ids function accept real and mock adapters too.
        print_device_ids(&adapter);
        print_device_ids(&mock_adapter);
    }
```
Calling a test function on a not `Mock` structure, will result an error with the message: `Error! Test functions are not supported on real devices!`.

Commit message:

Add Bluetooth support for macOS via the BlurMac crate

README.md, after:

# devices
Servo-specific APIs to access various devices

----------

## Bluetooth
Bluetooth related code is located in `bluetooth.rs`.

### Implementation
Underlying dependency crates:

- Android platform: [blurdroid](https://crates.io/crates/blurdroid)
- Linux platform: [blurz](https://crates.io/crates/blurz)
- MacOS platform: [blurmac](https://crates.io/crates/blurmac)
- `Fake` prefixed structures: [blurmock](https://crates.io/crates/blurmock)

`Empty` prefixed structures are located in `empty.rs`.

### Usage

#### Without the *bluetooth-test* feature
There are three supported platforms (Android, Linux, MacOS), on other platforms we fall back to a default (`Empty` prefixed) implementation. Each enum (`BluetoothAdapter`, `BluetoothDevice`, etc.) will contain only one variant for each targeted platform. See the following `BluetoothAdapter` example:

Android:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Android(Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>),
    }
```
Linux:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Bluez(Arc<BluetoothAdapterBluez>),
    }
```
MacOS:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Mac(Arc<BluetoothAdapterMac>),
    }
```

unsupported platforms:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Empty(Arc<BluetoothAdapterEmpty>),
    }
```
You will have a platform specific adapter, e.g. on android target, `BluetoothAdapter::init()` will create a `BluetoothAdapter::Android` enum variant, which wraps an `Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>`.

```rust
    pub fn init() -> Result<BluetoothAdapter, Box<Error>> {
        let blurdroid_adapter = try!(BluetoothAdapterAndroid::get_adapter());
        Ok(BluetoothAdapter::Android(Arc::new(blurdroid_adapter)))
    }
```
On each platform you can call the same functions to reach the same GATT hierarchy elements. The following code can access the same bluetooth device on all supported platforms:

```rust
use device::{BluetoothAdapter, BluetoothDevice};

fn main() {
    // Get the bluetooth adapter.
    let adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init().expect("No bluetooth adapter found!");
    // Get a device with the id 01:2A:00:4D:00:04 if it exists.
    let device = adapter.get_device("01:2A:00:4D:00:04".to_owned() /*device address*/)
                        .expect("No bluetooth device found!");
}
```

#### With the *bluetooth-test* feature
The `bluetooth-test` feature is not a default feature, to use it, append `features = ["bluetooth-test"]`, to the `device` crate dependency in the project's `Cargo.toml`.

Each enum (`BluetoothAdapter`, `BluetoothDevice`, etc.) will contain one variant of the three possible default target, and a `Mock` variant, which wraps a `Fake` structure.

Android:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Android(Arc<BluetoothAdapterAndroid>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```
Linux:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Bluez(Arc<BluetoothAdapterBluez>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```
Mac:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Mac(Arc<BluetoothAdapterMac>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```

unsupported platforms:
```rust
    pub enum BluetoothAdapter {
        Empty(Arc<BluetoothAdapterEmpty>),
        Mock(Arc<FakeBluetoothAdapter>),
    }
```

Beside the platform specific structures, you can create and access mock adapters, devices, services etc. These mock structures implements all the platform specific functions too. To create a mock GATT hierarchy, first you need to call the `BluetoothAdapter::init_mock()` function, insted of `BluetoothAdapter::init()`.

```rust
    use device::{BluetoothAdapter, BluetoothDevice};
    use std::String;

    // This function takes a BluetoothAdapter,
    // and print the ids of the devices, which the adapter can find.
    fn print_device_ids(adapter: &BluetoothAdpater) {
        let devices = match adapter.get_devices().expect("No devices on the adapter!");
        for device in devices {
            println!("{:?}", device.get_id());
        }
    }

    fn main() {
    // This code uses a real adapter.
        // Get the bluetooth adapter.
        let adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init().expect("No bluetooth adapter found!");
        // Get a device with the id 01:2A:00:4D:00:04 if it exists.
        let device = adapter.get_device("01:2A:00:4D:00:04".to_owned() /*device address*/)
                            .expect("No bluetooth device found!");

    // This code uses a mock adapter.
        // Creating a mock adapter.
        let mock_adapter = BluetoothAdpater::init_mock().unwrap();
        // Creating a mock device.
        let mock_device =
            BluetoothDevice::create_mock_device(mock_adapter,
                                                "device_id_string_goes_here".to_owned())
            .unwrap();
        // Changing its device_id.
        let new_device_id = String::from("new_device_id_string".to_owned());
        mock_device.set_id(new_device_id.clone());
        // Calling the get_id function must return the last id we set.
        assert_equals!(new_device_id, mock_device.get_id());
        // Getting the mock_device with its id
        // must return the same mock device object we created before.
        assert_equals!(Some(mock_device),
                       mock_adapter.get_device(new_device_id.clone()).unwrap());
        // The print_device_ids function accept real and mock adapters too.
        print_device_ids(&adapter);
        print_device_ids(&mock_adapter);
    }
```
Calling a test function on a not `Mock` structure, will result an error with the message: `Error! Test functions are not supported on real devices!`.
